Week 1
    Group formation, and name our group.
    Deploy Jira site and create two tasks (Select Scrum Master and decide project).
    Project priority lodgement and provide teammates skill sets.
    Setup discord channel for communications.
    Confirm the project by the week 2.

Week 2
    Confirm the project P10 with tutor.
    Read through the project specific sent by the stakeholder.
    Meeting with the stakeholder.
    Background research on AutoML.
    Meeting before sprint 1 for work allocation.
    
    <Tasks unfinished>
        Project proposal
        Background research on front-end and back-end integration

Week 3
    Completed project proposal
    Designed storyboards and user stories
    Clarified project specifications with project stakeholder 
    Designed user interface and confirmed with teammates
    Attended catch-up meeting with teaammates to align working progress

    <Tasks unfinished>
        Implement interface with first demo requirement

Week 4
    Setup front end project
    Implemented pipeline raw data editor
    Implemented pipeline iport microservice interface
    Implemented pipeline design with interactive interface
    Drafted data storage architecture
    Attended catch-up meeting with teaammates to align working progress and prepare demo

Week 5
    Finished project demo
    Attended retro demo A meeting
    Attended in person catch up meeting 
    Confirmed frontend and backend workflow    

Week 6
    Attended demo session with stakeholders
    Attended catup meeting after the demo session
    Added upload file flow
    Added viewing uploaded file flow

Week 7
    Complete Pipeline Import / Export / Reset flow
    Refine Pipeline result API handling
    Implement visualization flow

Week 8
    Finished Demo B and attended retro B meeting
    Tidy up UI code and testing entire pipline running
    Attended in person catch up meeting

Week 9
    Attended in person catch up meeting
    Frontend bug fixes and prepare pipeline for presentation

Week 10
    Finalized presentation
    Completed project report